README.md, before:

# Teacher app project

- introduction.

A simple java project to manage and store students' details.

## project description :

This project allows you to :

- manage students' details (add student, remove student, edit, ect).
- Allows you to see statistics (number of students, number of passed students, number of failed students, highest
point, lowest point, class average, success rate, and the top three students in the class).
- Provide a GUI screen using Java **Swing**.
- Provide saving file and getting a file, but you only get the file you save in the program.
---
## To-Do list.
- [  ] Make things more clear and simple.
- [  ] Improve Showing statistics for class and for students.
- [  ] Work more on SQLite.
---
## Problems need to be fixed.
- Fix the problem in student statistics button. when you press cancel the program show that student is not found.
- Fix the problem in class number, example : when add students like five, and then you want to delete a student, but
  **not the last student because the problem will not happen**. You delete a student, and then you add another 
student. the last student who has 5 as the class number will be the same number of the added student after him.
The last student (5 as class number), the added student (the one after him, 5 as class number). This problem will only
happen when you delete a student and then add a student.
---
## Future improvements.
- Add database support (MySQl).
- Improve the project by using **JavaFx** instead of swing.
- Add multi-language support (Localization).
- Add sittings to the program.
- Add multi-classes, and multi-levels.
---
## **The developer**
- **Name** : [private name].
- **Github** : [https://github.com/tanjawi-code].
- *Version* : 2.4.2

Commit message:

I added deleting students in SQLite

README.md, after:

# Teacher app project

- introduction.

A simple java project to manage and store students' details.

## project description :

This project allows you to :

- manage students' details (add student, remove student, edit, ect).
- Allows you to see statistics (number of students, number of passed students, number of failed students, highest
point, lowest point, class average, success rate, and the top three students in the class).
- Provide a GUI screen using Java **Swing**.
- Provide saving file and getting a file, but you only get the file you save in the program.
---
## To-Do list.
- [  ] Make things more clear and simple.
- [  ] Work more on SQLite.
- [  ] Add updating students' details in SQLite.
---
## Problems need to be fixed.
- Fix the problem in student statistics button. when you press cancel the program show that student is not found.
- Fix the problem in class number, example : when add students like five, and then you want to delete a student, but
  **not the last student because the problem will not happen**. You delete a student, and then you add another 
student. the last student who has 5 as the class number will be the same number of the added student after him.
The last student (5 as class number), the added student (the one after him, 5 as class number). This problem will only
happen when you delete a student and then add a student.
---
## Future improvements.
- Add database support (MySQl).
- Improve the project by using **JavaFx** instead of swing.
- Add multi-language support (Localization).
- Add settings to the program.
- Add multi-classes, and multi-levels.
---
## **The developer**
- **Name** : [private name].
- **Github** : [https://github.com/tanjawi-code].
- *Version* : 2.5.2
